Privacy Policy
We recommend reading the Privacy Policy before accepting these terms.

Categories:
Section #1: Privacy Policy

Section #1: Privacy Policy
Definitions
- Company (commonly referred to as "Arch Development", "Arch", "We", "Us", "Our", in this agreement) refers to Arch Development.
- Program (commonly referred to as "Arch" in this agreement) refers to any program made by Arch Development.
- Service refers to any related services to Arch Development and the referenced Programs.
- Personal Information (commonly referred to as "Data", "Information") is the information we collect for the purpose determined by Arch Development.
- You (commonly referred to as "Your") means the individual accessing or using the Service or Projects, or the company or any other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service or Projects, as applicable.

Section One: Collection

What Does Arch & Arch Development collect?
Upon using the Key System and Injecting for Arch, we collect your Computer Hardware Identifier (HWID) and Discord ID.

Request removal of your data
We will remove your Personal Information from our servers upon request. You can request the removal of your HWID or any other personal information by contacting our staff team on Discord, the request will be processed manually.

Section Two: Data Usage

What does Arch Development do with my Data?
Arch Development uses your data to check if you have completed the KeySystem and to have the ability to blacklist an user.

Does Arch Development sell data to any other companies?
Arch Development does not sell your private data to anyone (Tech Companies, Advertising Companies)

How long does Arch Development store my data?
Arch Development stores your data permanently(and or until a request of removal) on our server.

Section Three: Changes

Changes To Privacy Policy
We of Arch Development, reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace the Privacy Policy at any time. If revision is material, we will make efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new policies taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
